# 7. ReactDOM.render()
`ReactDOM` is the name of a JavaScript library. This library contains several React-specific methods, all of which deal with the DOM in some way or another.

We'll talk more later about how `ReactDOM` got into your file. For now, just understand that it's yours to use.

Move slightly to the right, and you can see one of `ReactDOM`’s methods: `ReactDOM.render()`.

`ReactDOM.render()` is the most common way to render JSX. It takes a JSX expression, creates a corresponding tree of DOM nodes, and adds that tree to the DOM. That is the way to make a JSX expression appear onscreen.

### The first argument:

Move to the right a little more, and you come to this expression:

`<h1>Hello world</h1>`

This is the first argument being passed to `ReactDOM.render()`. `ReactDOM.render()`’s first argument should be a JSX expression, and it will be rendered to the screen.

Move to the right a little more, and you will see this expression:

### The second argument: 

Move to the right a little more, and you will see this expression:

`document.getElementById('app')`

You just learned that `ReactDOM.render()` makes its first argument appear onscreen. But where on the screen should that first argument appear?

The first argument is appended to whatever element is selected by the second argument.

In the code editor, select index.html. See if you can find an element that would be selected by `document.getElementById('app')`.

That element acted as a container for `ReactDOM.render()`’s first argument! At the end of the previous exercise, this appeared on the screen:

``` html
<main id="app">
  <h1>Render me!</h1>
</main>
```

## Passing a Variable to ReactDOM.render()

`ReactDOM.render()`’s first argument should evaluate to a JSX expression, it doesn't have to literally be a JSX expression.

The first argument could also be a variable, so long as that variable evaluates to a JSX expression.

In this example, we save a JSX expression as a variable named `toDoList`. We then pass `toDoList` as the first argument to `ReactDOM.render()`:

``` javascript
const toDoList = (
  <ol>
    <li>Learn React</li>
    <li>Become a Developer</li>
  </ol>
);

ReactDOM.render(
  toDoList, 
  document.getElementById('app')
);
```

#CodeCademy Learn React/03 - JSX#