# 2. setTimeout()
``` javascript
console.log('First message!');
setTimeout(() => {
   console.log('This message will always run last...');
}, 0);
console.log('Second message!');
```

`setTimeout()`, which will pass a function call to the queue. The first argument is a callback and the second argument is the number of milliseconds the program must wait before the callback can be run.

The function `setTimeout` is called with 2 arguments: a message to add to the queue, and a time value (optional; defaults to 0). The time value represents the (minimum) delay after which the message will actually be pushed into the queue. If there is no other message in the queue, the message is processed right after the delay; however, if there are messages, the setTimeout message will have to wait for other messages to be processed. For that reason, the second argument indicates a minimum time and not a guaranteed time.

## Zero delays

``` javascript
(function() {

  console.log('this is the start');

  setTimeout(function cb() {
    console.log('this is a msg from call back');
  });

  console.log('this is just a message');

  setTimeout(function cb1() {
    console.log('this is a msg from call back1');
  }, 0);

  console.log('this is the end');

})();

// "this is the start"
// "this is just a message"
// "this is the end"
// note that function return, which is undefined, happens here 
// "this is a msg from call back"
// "this is a msg from call back1"

```

Zero delay doesn't actually mean the call back will fire-off after zero milliseconds. Calling setTimeout with a delay of 0 (zero) milliseconds doesn't execute the callback function after the given interval.

The execution depends on the number of waiting tasks in the queue. In the example below, the message `this is just a message` will be written to the console before the message in the callback gets processed, because the delay is the minimum time required for the runtime to process the request, but not a guaranteed time.

Basically, the setTimeout needs to wait for all the code for queued messages to complete even though you specified a particular time limit for your setTimeout.



#CodeCademy Learn React/08 - Requests#