# 15. List in JSX
## .map in JSX
The array method `.map()` comes up often in React. It's good to get in the habit of using it alongside JSX.

If you want to create a list of JSX elements, then `.map()` is often your best bet. It can look odd at first:

``` javascript
const strings = ['Home', 'Shop', 'About Me'];

const listItems = strings.map(string => <li>{string}</li>);

<ul>{listItems}</ul>
```

In the above example, we start out with an array of strings. We call `.map()` on this array of strings, and the `.map()` call returns a new array of `<li>`s.

On the last line of the example, note that `{listItems}` will evaluate to an array, because it's the returned value of `.map()`! JSX `<li>`s don't have to be in an array like this, but they can be.

``` javascript
// This is fine in JSX, not in an explicit array:

<ul>
  <li>item 1</li>
  <li>item 2</li>
  <li>item 3</li>
</ul>

// This is also fine!

const liArray = [
  <li>item 1</li>, 
  <li>item 2<li>, 
  <li>item 3</li>
];

<ul>{liArray}</ul>
```

## Keys
When you make a list in JSX, sometimes your list will need to include something called keys:

``` javascript
<ul>
  <li key="li-01">Example1</li>
  <li key="li-02">Example2</li>
  <li key="li-03">Example3</li>
</ul>
```

A key is a JSX attribute. The attribute's name is `key`. The attribute's value should be something unique, similar to an id attribute.

`keys` don't do anything that you can see! React uses them internally to keep track of lists. If you don't use `keys` when you're supposed to, React might accidentally scramble your list-items into the wrong order.

Not all lists need to have `keys`. A list needs `keys` if either of the following are true:

1. The list-items have memory from one render to the next. For instance, when a to-do list renders, each item must "remember" whether it was checked off. The items shouldn't get amnesia when they render. 
2. A list's order might be shuffled. For instance, a list of search results might be shuffled from one render to the next.

If neither of these conditions are true, then you don't have to worry about `keys`. If you aren't sure then it never hurts to use them!

### Task:

What should key's value be? In this case, the answer is surprisingly tricky.

`.map()` is going to loop over your expression on line 8, creating a new `<li></li>` with a new key attribute on each loop. You need every key to be unique! How can you get `.map()` to produce a unique key, each time it loops?

First, add an i parameter to `.map()`’s inner function, so that you can access each person's unique index:

``` javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

const people = ['Rowe', 'Prevost', 'Gare'];

const peopleLis = people.map((person, i) =>
  // expression goes here:
  <li key={'person_' + i}>{person}</li>
);

// ReactDOM.render goes here:
ReactDOM.render(<ul>{peopleLis}</ul>, document.getElementById('app'));
```


#CodeCademy Learn React/03 - JSX#