# 2. Setting Initial State
A React component can access dynamic information in two ways: `props` and `state`.

Unlike `props`, a component's `state` is not passed in from the outside. A component decides its own `state`.

To make a component have `state`, give the component a `state` property. This property should be declared inside of a constructor method, like this:

``` javascript
class Example extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = { mood: 'decent' };
  }

  render() {
    return <div></div>;
  }
}

<Example />
```

Whoa, a constructor method? `super(props)`? What's going on here? Let's look more closely at this potentially unfamiliar code:

``` javascript
constructor(props) {
  super(props);
  this.state = { mood: 'decent' };
}
```

`this.state` should be equal to an object, like in the example above. This object represents the initial "state" of any component instance. We'll explain that more soon!

How about the rest of the code? `constructor` and `super` are both features of ES6, not unique to React. There is nothing particularly React-y about their usage here. A full explanation of their functionality is outside of the scope of this course, but we'd recommend familiarizing yourself. It is important to note that React components always have to call `super` in their constructors to be set up properly.

Look at the bottom of the highest code example in this column. `<Example />` has a `state`, and its `state` is equal to `{ mood: 'decent' }`.

## Task: 

``` javascript
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

class App extends React.Component {
	// constructor method begins here:
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {title: 'Best App'}
  }

	
  render() {
    return (
      <h1>
        Wow this entire app is just an h1.
      </h1>
    );
  }
}
```

Make sure not to separate constructor and render with a comma! Methods should never be comma-separated, if inside of a class body. **This is to emphasize the fact that classes and object literals are different.**




#CodeCademy Learn React/07 - State#